add new resource and data source of Azure Active Directory Domain Service (#185)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azuread: website/docs/r/domain_service.html.markdown

---
layout: "azuread"
page_title: "Azure Active Directory:: azuread_domain_service"
sidebar_current: "docs-azuread-resource-domain-service"
description: |-

>   Manage Azure DomainService instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Manages an Azure Active Directory Domain Service.
```

---

# azurerm_domain_service

> Manage Azure DomainService instance.

Reviewer: as above

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the domain service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: The schema mark this as casesensitive?

> * `location` - (Optional) Resource location Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Could we use the usual phrasing here
```suggestion
* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `domain_security_settings` - (Optional) One `domain_security_setting` block defined below.

> * `filtered_sync` - (Optional) Enabled or Disabled flag to turn on Group-based filtered sync Defaults to `Enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `filtered_sync` - (Optional) Is Group-based filtered sync enabled? Defaults to `true`.
```

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The id of the subnet that Domain Services will be deployed on. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `domain_security_setting` block supports the following:

* `ntlm_v1` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not NtlmV1 is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `tls_v1` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not TlsV1 is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `sync_ntlm_passwords` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not SyncNtlmPasswords is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

---

The `ldaps_setting` block supports the following:

* `ldaps` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not Secure LDAP is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `pfx_certificate` - (Optional) The certificate required to configure Secure LDAP. The parameter passed here should be a base64encoded representation of the certificate pfx file.

* `pfx_certificate_password` - (Optional) The password to decrypt the provided Secure LDAP certificate pfx file.

* `external_access` - (Optional) A flag to determine whether or not Secure LDAP access over the internet is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `Enabled`.

> * `external_access_ip_address` - (Computed) the ip address of Secure LDAP access over the internet

Reviewer: Grammer, capitalization and punctuation.

---

The `notification_setting` block supports the following:

> * `notify_global_admins` - (Optional) Should global admins be notified Defaults to `Enabled`.

Reviewer: Could we explain what the setting does? notified about what?

> * `notify_dc_admins` - (Optional) Should domain controller admins be notified Defaults to `Enabled`.

Reviewer: Could we explain what the setting does? notified about what?

> * `additional_recipients` - (Optional) The list of additional recipients

Reviewer: This should be alphabetical

Reviewer: also missing .

> * `additional_recipients` - (Optional) The list of additional recipients

Reviewer: COuld we detail this more?

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `domain_controller_ip_address` - List of Domain Controller IP Address

* `id` - Resource Id

> * `name` - Resource name

Reviewer: We are missing the import statement here
